It's impossible to believe my dad didn't lie to me
He is Zhen Dashuai
It's clear that you are a gang
Framed my dad
Framed your mother
You're a fucking bone plate
Your dad is a dead end
I just framed you, so what?
You bite me?
What are you waiting for?
Get down there now
Then kill them all, these bastards
None of you can save him today
Zhou Qinyao, are you dying?
Don't try to reverse black and white
I only know that the commander has made outstanding achievements
Being a legend is a big deal
Did you all see it?
Since Zhou Qingyao is obsessed
Spell abuse
From now on
The Four Heavenly Kings were officially changed to the Three Heavenly Kings
Kill him for me
Secretary Chen, we are both heavenly kings
Even if equal
What are we doing?
Some don't understand
What are you afraid of? The Luge guy is on his way
Even if you break the sky today
He can also mend the sky with one hand
What Luge guy came in person
Great, wait for the luge guy to arrive
Secretary Chen
You have to help us look good.
It's easy to say when things are done
That being the case
Then the three of us will let go and leave
Anyone associated with this counterfeit today
I must die
Lord Killing Tianwang cannot be killed
What do you want?